== LivingSocial Challenge for Senior Software Engineer

This is my (joestraitiff's) submission to the LivingSocial Big-Data Challenge
for a Senior Software Engineer.

It is a Rails 4.0 application running under ruby 2.0.0 using sqlite3 as a
database.  I've also used thin for a webserver (webrick should be fine -- I 
prefer thin for development) and used 'therubyracer' for the execjs runtime.  
You can remove therubyracer from the gemfile if you already have node installed 
(or prefer one of the other execjs runtimes).

I moved the two files already in the project to the following locations:
* example_input.tab moved to test/samples/example_input.tab for use in tests
* README.markdown moved to DESIGN_SPEC.markdown so it won't be confused with this readme

=== Running the application
1. Install ruby 2.0.0 using the method you prefer.  I developed this using
   ruby-2.0.0-p353 installed via rvm.  I setup a .ruby-version file so it should
   be directly compatible with rbenv.
2. Install an execjs runtime.  I've included therubyracer in the Gemfile, but
   if you already have a runtime installed (e.g. node) you can comment it out or
   switch to your preferred runtime.
3. Run bundler to setup the gems, i.e. 'bundle' from the application directory
4. Setup databases.  Migrate development database 'rake db:migrate' then setup test database 
   'rake db:test:load'
5. Run tests 'rake test' to verify everything is setup correctly.  All tests should pass.
6. Startup application server by running 'rails s' and then browsing to "localhost:3000"
7. Upload a file.  You can find a sample file in test/samples/example_input.tab.  There is
   also a sample file with invalid data in the same folder called bad_input.tab.
